so I was like let's do this audiobook
thing I love it it's a cool way to
deliver games so I made summoners rift
recall and it basically it'll recap a 30
minute game in five minutes five minutes
if it goes over it'll be like nine ish
it's a third week of na LCS I'm joined
right now by Rivington the third with
comers presented by Omni slash R if I
haven't talked to you in a little bit
it's been it's been a bit absolutely
last time we talked to think was in the
players lounge we were hanging out just
chat and getting real deep yeah well
either way good to catch up with you how
is the summer split treating you so far
summer split has been absolutely amazing
I mean this whole metaphor a
play-by-play is super bonkers so it's
really fun to cast and I'm just trying
to kind of get back to a pace where
shouting feels good there's no kind of
like did that feel all right and
everything's just moving forward and
it's been that position right now it
feels great that's awesome what what's
you're also doing the Academy stuff and
I feel like Academy is getting more
interest recently like obviously the
teams are taking over some of the
Thursday stuff but also like we're
seeing more movement from Academy up
into LCS so what is it like for you to
be involved in that and how do you feel
about Academy right now
I love casting Academy cuz so three of
us which out me captain flowers and
pastry with Mark Z on Friday so that's
like five straight games and a lot of
people say we don't see these guys cast
in the LCS do you do that day you
probably only get like a one of the to
set games on a Saturday or Sunday but
it's been amazing to see one the
franchising system kind of at work with
how everything is back and forth with
pro players on the teams and then now
starting rosters being Academy rosters
has been absolutely amazing and seeing
these kids kind of try to prove
themselves we're here even some of the
other players saying I'm training this
guy to take my spot and that kind of
might actually happen
yeah do you have you got security
passing through right now we've got some
yeah nice a nice and safe here at the
LCS I mean are you what are there any
particular stories that have been
interesting for you out of Academy I
know that we're seeing Levi pop in for
rift rivals next week yeah obviously
Levi for riff rivals coming in but
brandini as well is kind of like a trick
up the sleeve maybe because not a very
known champion pool but also not know
to have those hi hi as you're expecting
to get out of kind of like a
trash-talking rift rivals obviously
cloud9 has been insane but now at cloud
10th place I don't really know if they
know what they're doing it's kind of a
roller coaster for him so they have been
able to create incredible stories for us
unfortunately for them but great to kind
of just fuel the Academy and keep that
going what you're doing a new audio
setup I mean you can tell me a little
bit more about this absolutely so
recently I kinda was like not doing a
highlight show known to PTL anymore and
I wanted to get something I want to do
highlights I wanted to be able to relate
again and hit those big plays so I
thought I've been listening to
audiobooks a lot lately
I've been trying to like advance my
brain get back into very creative words
I'll wake up in the morning and I
literally write the alphabet with my
left hand I'm not left-handed but that
like it makes you approach things
differently in the day so I was like
let's do this audiobook thing I love it
it's a cool way to deliver games so I
made summoners rift recall and it
basically it'll recap a 30 minute game
in 5 minutes 5 minutes if it goes over
it'll be like nine ish but it spaced out
so where you're not expecting it to end
you want to hear it there's some sounds
injected into the game from the plays
from sound or player vo so it's really
cool to kind of like experience when
you're driving or working out or you
missed the game I just did telecom wars
so you can catch all of the games maybe
three if you're just you want to catch
up before lck this week yeah how many of
these come out so I this one was this
week was kind of like an undertaking
because I just started it the first one
was TSM fly quest and one game was
pretty easy but to do three I was like I
have to write this proofread it mix it
because I'm doing everything from home
I'm trying to make it like as little as
weight possible on the team so it can
advance and grow and then I'm like all
right team let's see what we can do with
it now and I think that was a really
cool way to approach it so right now
just a few a week this week I'm
definitely hitting up the TSM c9 match
that was crazy so and so you
basically go and you watch the game and
you do it's it's almost like a dramatic
reenactment I guess other game right
yeah it's kind of like it it changes a
little bit from passive to active
moments like you'll kind of hear about
champions like on a passive but when
it's active it'll put you in the moment
beer
stops pushing in Keynes gangplank right
in that moment you're like oh I'm
imagining this now and you hear a
teleport come in is the top laner so it
really draws the picture that's what I
wanted as a play-by-play we use all of
our words to create pictures for people
and who does that better than art or
authors in a book so kind of listening
to a lot of those audiobooks and turning
it into that style I've had a lot of fun
with it I hope people enjoy it yeah I
think it's really cool it's one of the
reasons I wanted to interview you is
just because I think it's like a
different way to consume like eSports
matches than we've seen so far kind of
shifting gears here no pun intended the
last thing I wanted to talk about is you
kind of going more personal you're
really involved you have like a bike and
you you're super into motorcycles right
yeah absolutely so recently I just
picked up my third motorcycle I bought
one in March saw another one recently
and it's it's kind of keeping me honest
making me work hard I love these things
you know you almost want to have more
the amount of motorcycles in your garage
the correct number is n plus one is they
always say right so you're always trying
to achieve that but before I would kind
of be okay with where I was dad nothing
was really keeping that push obviously
League is a fun game to cast and you do
what you do and you keep going at it
with the passion that the fans love to
hear but having a little things behind
you to keep you honest to say hey you're
here for a reason keep going strong is
what the motorcycles do for me and it
also gives me some time away from all of
this to be hands-on with stuff and kind
of work on some other hobbies that I
love it's really go so it's you yeah do
you work on them are you like tinkering
I know nothing about motorcycles I'd
love to know more but yeah what is it
like for you sort of being into this as
a hobby absolutely so the older ones
that I have I don't tink around as much
I try to leave them as is the newer ones
I love getting my hands like just into
figuring out how it works I'll take it
apart I did this a lot as a kid and
nothing ever went back together now it's
a little bit more orchestrated and
things work so it's it's amazing you
know you you think about stuff like that
right we can build computers some people
think that's completely foreign it kind
of just gradually over the years became
the same with bikes I was like this is
completely foreign and now I love
getting my hands on them what I don't
again I'm not as into the stuff I don't
know but maybe you can tell for the
people who are into it like what bikes
you have oh man
I have a 2014 Yamaha
I have a 2018 monster 1200 s and I just
purchased 2006 Ducati 749 is there one
that stands out or they it's like
picking a favorite child
so the 1200 s is probably kind of the
newest in the prettiest but the one I
just bought the 2006 like has a special
place in my heart so the the brand new
purchase bike has been onto a cover how
do you how do you decide which one of
these to drive it's all different styles
the cruiser you're sitting on a lazy boy
the monster is upright urban but speed
and then the other bike is an attack
aggressive position that you you don't
want to be sitting in traffic champ
select really yeah yeah you got a pick
and choose you got to make the
composition of work is there anything
that you want to say to any of the fans
out there oh alright thanks for watching
I appreciate all the awesome comments
and whatever you guys tweet out for
watching the LCS because it gives us a
job and thank you so much for that and
as I said about audiobooks and stuff
check it out a lot of times you won't
listen to it because it's not a voice
you like find one you like there are a
lot out there
I love audiobooks I have an audible
subscription I've had it for years so I
agree
anyway thanks so much for the interview
man for everyone else you can check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
I want to thank only slash so much for
the support of my content they were on a
train right now a train that you could
be on and that's the Travis train just
get on that train subscribe to the
YouTube channel hit up my twitch we're
stopping at all the different stops
alright this is a train if it's going
what's going far so get on the train and
ride it ride that Travis train